Meeting Agenda

Date: Wednesday, 30th August 2023
Time: 6-7pm

Goal: 
1. Discuss research question/plan
2. Clarify project expectation

Discussion topics:
1. Proposed research question/plan
    a. Is it possible to get full marks with this question and our plan?
    b. Is there a better way to phrase it?
    c. Is the scope of our question/plan good enough for the project?

    Proposal 1:
    1. Show the effect of solar energy on the demand at different times of the day as renewables are increasing and coal plants are shutting down.
    2. Explain how weather as a key factor affects solar energy performance, and hence the demand.
    3. Compare the impact of (forecast weather vs actual weather) vs (forecast usage vs actual total usage).
    4. Taking into account the impact of the time and weather of a day, compute confidence interval for how much renewable energy is required to meet the forcasting demand as the amount of renewables increases.

    Proposal 2:
    Detect monday-friday differences due to the pandemic (2020-2022 compared to previously) and working from home (as more staying at home, means more midday energy usage from homes, whilst company buildings are still basically using the same energy)



[9:09 AM]
And with WFH becoming more of a norm (and things like 4 day work weeks are being considered), this seems like a valuable thing to forecast on its effect on energy demand in the future.

2. Methods and software
    a. Could you give us more indication of how many methods/software we should use/have to get a high mark?
    b. For the previous offerings, how many methods/software did the best projects have?
    c. Is it recommended to use more datasets than the 3 provided? 

3. GitHub
    a. Have we set up our GitHub correctly?
    b. Is it okay to set up a public repo, instead of a private repo?
    b. Do you mark the work in GitHub?

4. Clarification
    a. When creating the list of main tasks/activities, how detailed should it be?
    b. In relation to the literature review in assessment 1, do we focus on the research question area or the technical methods? 
    c. How group work is evaluated and reflected in the marks?
    d. The final report submission says no more than 35 pages. The template has 15 pages. Would any page number between 15-35 be fine?
    e. Will future sessions have opportunities for feedback on the progress we’ve made?

5. Technical
    a. Can you help us set up the Rmd template?
    b. Can you help us set up Trackdown in Google Docs for editing the Rmd?


